Good evening, sir!
Good evening, guys. How are you?
Good evening, sir.
Good evening, Sid.
Right? So, I've been a scientist. Good evening, guys. Good evening, everyone.
Yeah, uh, you may turn on your videos. Uh, as discussed in the last class.
Okay, I'll remove Spotlight for now, but yeah, eventually. Okay.
Others, please. Uh, basically, we discussed in the last class that Hello, good evening.
Hi, sir, good evening.
Guys, I have been assigned this session. Tojo session, Lunga, and… It will be, uh, on, you know, some aspects.
Basically calling the basics. Setting of foundations for the other sessions. I'll take this, uh, class.
Yeah, we'll just wait for, uh, 2-3 minutes and, uh, let others join, then we'll start.
Good evening, sir.
Good evening, Bumi.
Okay, uh, till the time we're starting, uh, how many of you post regularly on LinkedIn. Just do a thumbs up.
Okay. Okay. How many of you post regularly on LinkedIn?
Okay. Uh, the next question is, uh, how many, uh, of you have not… even created your account on LinkedIn.
Just… just asking, just asking.
Yes, sir, um, LinkedIn.
Okay, okay, take care. Uh, okay.
Uh, how many, uh… uses… use, uh, Instagram.
Daily. Just a thumbs up.
Um, 15… 15 minutes only.
Okay, okay. Take care. Okay. Cheering.
Good evening, sir.
I think people are here, uh… We'll wait for just one more minute, and then we'll start. Guys, uh, your sessions will start sharp, uh, at the given time. So, from next time, please join on time. Uh, we'll not fail
Wait for anyone. Uh, the scheduled time is what the time is, and it will start sharp at, let's say, 6 or 5 Jobyapka time.
Ticket. Jalo, I'll start. The very first thing, uh… Yeah. So, uh, we use… Laptops Daily, uh, systems daily, and we type a lot of content.
And throughout our life, uh, we'll be typing a lot of documents, a lot of, you know, post.
Code everything. And eventually, you will be working with keyboard all your life.
And just to give you some context, most of the MBAs, they spend their whole life own… Google Docs, or MS Word.
Or just a Google Sheets. Analyzing them, making reports.
Just… that sort. However, the use case, uh, might be different, can be different. Kco domain har kisi ka, apna area of Bakote hai.
But, you know, they will be using the same tools. And at the core, we have this laptop, uh, this keyboard.
And just to attach it with the other thing, you basically write with your pen.
On a piece of paper. So, if you don't know how to write better.
How to write faster. So, how will you be able to write, you know, number of pages? How will you be able to give exams and complete it on time?
Basically, what I mean to say here is that you will be working on keyboard throughout your Life. So, why not, uh increase our speed.
On keyboard. So, uh, there are some platforms that we use, and that I, uh, personally, uh, prefer. One is typing.com. I'll just show you This over my screen.
Yeah. Okay, I'll share my screen, and then we'll start from there.
Just let me know if screen is visible to everyone. Yeah. I hope it is visible to everyone.
Yes, sir.
Okay, uh, just a second.
Just a second.
One sec… yeah. Okay. Okay. So, uh, I'll move to this platform.
Uh, typing.com.
And from now onwards, like, for this whole month. You will be typing daily on this platform.
You are free to use other platforms, Typing Master, uh, XYZ Type, there are many platforms.
But on this, you will log in as a student. I'll also log in as a student here And… I'll use my Google account, and let's say, uh… I'll use this one.
And that's Linda. Okay.
Yeah. So, a long time back, I, uh, used this platform.
And the benefit is that eventually, uh, you will become a master of your keyboard. You will become a master of your pen.
That you're using to write on a piece of paper. So you basically, aapko bhi start karna hai, from… 17th June, Juki Ajay.
And you'll be spending here at least 10 minutes every day.
Just for 5 to 10 minutes, just right. I basically tell this to all the students who joined my first class, and how to start, uh, you can start by the… just… you know, starting the first module, or you will find the start here.
Then start. And this page will pop up.
Yes, you will watch this video, but for now, I'll just skip this video.
And then you have to type. We have to use the right… We have to place this on J, K, L, and semicolon.
And this thumb-on space. Similarly, A, S, D, F. Ticket. And, uh, if you can just, uh, feel the F and… JK, F and J.
Just feel the bumps on this key, uh… Only these keys have these bumps. Why? Because if even I close my eyes, and I just know, uh… put my hand on keyboard. So, I'm able to identify F and J.
But there is… and once… I identify F and J, then… Automatically, I identified DSA.
And then KL semicolon. And now I can access my whole keyboard. I can type, you know, without looking at the keyboard.
Okay, so just to continue, I'll press J, Enter. And then… Jesus.
And there are these, uh, small, small exercises that will, you know, keep on going, uh, building, uh.
Our foundations, and then, ultimately, our speed. For now, please don't focus on the speed.
Just focus on the accuracy. That you're pressing right keys with the right fingers.
To get FSS, G, F, S, F? G.
Please, for now, don't focus on the, uh, speed. Eventually, speed will come.
It will build up. Focus on the accuracy part, because, you know, just, uh… we humans, we want to learn faster.
And how many patients near.
But over… period of month… one month, you will have very good speed, uh, like, above 40p. 40 WPM.
Even 50 WPM. Wpm is words per minute, and you will be able to type those words easily. One benefit is that, of course, you will use keywords Throughout your life, so better use… pen, your keyboard, uh, you know, right?
Right away. The other, uh, benefit is that this speed is required in many jobs.
Uh, just to give you some more context, for example, any coding round of any company, you will have to type a lot.
And if your speed is not good, so eventually you will be failing that round. Okay?
Then, the third part. Oh, okay, uh… one industry is requiring, and then in many government jobs, if any one of you is planning to go for government jobs.
For those as well, the speed is required. A particular speed is required.
So, the speed is must. And the third, uh, that is kind of personal, that you will gain some kind of confidence after completing these small, small exercises.
Just, uh, Igwara be, uh, just login karlo appneh platform page, just open a new tab.
And I'll give you just 2 minutes. Open a new tab, uh, open this platform, typing.com.
And Logan, and just complete at least one for now. Um, since I'm not able to witness your screen, but let's say we'll keep this confidence, uh, we'll have this faith that you will be whatever, uh.
The mentor will say in the meeting. Otherwise, uh… Yeah, please.
Excuse me, sir? So, could you please just show from the beginning how to open typing.com and start typing? Because I missed out a little bit.
Okay. Okay, okay, I'll… I'll open a new incognito window.
Uh, first open your browser. Browser is basically a way to access the internet, and then you have to… uh, type, typing.com On the platform. And then, create your account, either you sign up or just do a login directly. Login.
Looking at the student, and you can use your Gmail account, uh, Google account.
Or you can create a new account from scratch. I will use my Gmail account, and it will, uh, use authentication by Google.
And then you'll be logged in. And then your home screen will be like this.
Like this. But, uh… Since, yeah, all your, uh… This, uh… Boxes will be white. Since you are logging in for the first time.
And then you will see a button here start. Take care. Start.
If you see my typing time, it is showing, uh, 13.
10, 14. That means 13 hours of typing. I just type frequently, uh, like, if there, uh.
If a good gap comes, let's say, let's say 2-3 weeks, 4 weeks, then if I want to start something new, if I want to learn something new.
So, before doing all that, I start typing, because it makes you feel good, it makes you feel kind of achieved.
That you've achieved something. Just take a… and then open first exercise, and then… So, this is, uh… One of the tasks that you will be doing every day throughout this internship. That you complete all these tasks in single day, and then you will become master. Muscle memory nahi banner gi. Your muscle memory will not form.
So, you have to type every day for a month. Okay, and eventually speed will pick up. You will pick up, uh… the speed. Okay, one is this platform. The other one is, uh… Yeah.
Yeah.
So… Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt you again, but could you please show where exactly in this one typing, uh, typing.com opens, where exactly we need to go to start typing?
In that same page.
Let's see, uh… okay. This is the homepage that will open. First, you have to log in. I think I've shown you just a minute before. Login into account.
Mm-hmm.
And then this home will open in the lessons tab. Then there are some tests also, tests as well, then some games.
Typing games, which you can, you know. Uh, you can take this test, and then you can also play this typing games, just for practice.
So, under this lessons, you will find the lessons… these lessons.
Okay. Uh…
Okay? Yeah, okay. Then the other path… Once you open the, uh, this link in the laptop, do you turn it on, and then you will see where exactly the things exist.
The other one is KBR. Qbr, K EYBR.com. This platform is also good. It makes you… type, you know, words repeatedly.
You will type a particular word, you know, and number of times, and then the muscle memory will form. For example, I'll just start typing.
Yeah. Click, and it is… Line 9… W-E-R-I-E, N-E-A-R-C-R.
Rdr. Yeah. So you… it will… Yep, we are Amit.
Again, please, uh, screen pay annotate madkaro. Badne magi gem kilhenge. Abhi kilim, please madkar.
Because KBR is, uh… Well, is another platform, and it will help you, uh, type one word multiple times, and eventually you will build muscle memory.
And eventually, your typing speed will increase.
Mute, yeah. Okay, so this is the very first task that you will be performing throughout this summer school.
Then, uh, moving on to the… I hope this is clear.
If there's in doubt, just type in the chat box. And if, uh, others can help, please, uh, help the… help your peers. Take care.
Since some of you will be grabbing things faster. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah, monkey type, rudder type. Xyz type, there are so many platforms.
I'll just share this link as well, uh, typing.com. Tick, and the other link is.
Pbr.com. Okay.
Yeah. And the other… thing that I want you, uh… take it further, is about your LinkedIn profile.
Take care. So, eventually, uh… Everybody… will be going, let's say, uh, will be applying for jobs.
And then… For that, everybody checks your CV.
Cv, your name? Basically.
Basically, a page, a single page. That will, uh, you know, uh… will help the recruiters to know more about you.
And eventually, they will be checking your profile as well. And profile clearly, they will not check your Instagram, or Facebook, or Snap, uh, Kikitna Streak score, Instagram post karte ho.
Ticket. For that, they will be checking your professional profile, and professional profile are… profiles are generally made on LinkedIn.
Yep.
We're sorry to interrupt. I had a question. That the task for today is to complete all the… just, for example, you… there was written in typing.com, JNF, uh.
We have to write it, so we have to complete all of the tasks that are given in that, uh, login ID.
Uh, okay, so you will be sharing your progress of typing 3 times. We'll share forms, uh.
Three times in this month. In this training period, and you will have to upload your progress.
Okay, so you just start typing it every day. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, uh, the next thing is, uh, your LinkedIn. So… For example, you post daily on Instagram.
And people know what do you eat, where do you go, Akit Trip Kanti, aapkis country mein trip negay, theek hai.
That thing. And that is only possible because you share that information on Instagram. You share that information on your own on this, uh… social media networks.
Agar aflu sharehini karoge. If you don't share the information, people will not… know anything about you.
And now, uh, your friend knows, kiapne kya khayaj. Similarly, about your skills. I don't know anything that what Omkar knows, what Suhani knows, what That chicken knows. I have no idea.
Because you haven't told it yet. Ticket.
Hannah, exactly. And diktase hamina apna rag kud kana barta hai. We have to, uh.
We have to beat our own drums, basically. We have to tell people, uh, what exactly we know.
And that is being… told through various mediums. We can… Use multiple mediums. For example, one is Uh, just to show that you have… you… your internship has started, your summer school internship program is started.
For that, you can write a post. On LinkedIn, that you are, uh, basically, uh, you know, you have joined this summer school program, where you will be learning, uh.
Let's say if you've enrolled in WebD, so you will be learning about, uh, you know, how to build a scalable platforms, uh, using the MUN stack, or any stack that will be taught to you.
And now you're excited to learn it. So what this post will do, this post will basically reflect two things.
One is that you are now a part of IIT JAMU's summer, uh.
School program. Second, that you've joined this program basically to upskill yourself. You must be doing something in the program.
Then you are also mentioning about your domain, about your, uh, let's say, WebD.
Web development. So then…
Hey guys, I'm, uh, just repeating some things in… I'm just… Repeating some things in Hindi.
And everything is being covered in English, so don't worry. If there's any issue or any doubt, if anything's skipped, if anything that you, uh, haven't got, just Let me know. Yeah.
So. There was a… Yeah, the very first post.
So, one is that you have joined the summer school training program. Second is that you are doing something in the training. Third, you mentioned the WebD program. So that means you are learning something in web development, something about You know, uh, something about some tech stacks, and now you…
Basically, you're learning more about, you know, developing scalable platforms. So, let's say, uh, just this post come across, uh, some employers.
Or, you know, some client. So he will be able to… refer you. He will be able to, uh, you know, contact you, and then ask that, uh, I am working on this project. Would you be of some help?
Do you know how to make this web app? How to make this platform?
Tk. So that is only possible because you have shared that post.
Chicken. For example, I'll teach AI how to make AI agents.
And one day, I post that, uh, recently. I took a class on AI agents, how to, you know, use several frameworks. For example, how to use QA. Take it.
And if I post that on LinkedIn, what will that show?
That will show many things. One is basically that I can teach, uh.
But I can teach how to develop AI agents. That is… That is being reflected from that post.
I'm not able to mute her. Yeah. Second one is that… Yeah, this person can teach something.
Long distance.
If anybody, uh… wants to learn from this person, he may… he or she may invite him for no, uh, for other courts, for some talk.
Okay. And third, that this session was held This session was held at prior to Jemu. So, some kind of association is there with the IT gentleman.
Together. To one post reflects many things. A post both dihati, aapka. That your growth is being done, you are putting some time on yourself. And these things are basically the criteria for the… recruiters that you are continuously upskilling yourself, that are continuously learning
That you're continuously enrolling in other programs, other certifications. Okay. And the only aim is to basically show others Kiha Mekuchar round, that I'm doing something.
Okay, and I'm doing something in this domain. Take some… Kokarnipade.
Okay. So, I'll just open some, uh, LinkedIn profiles, and everybody has to complete their profile.
Uh, I'm… I'm aware that many of you, uh. Won't be post… posting regularly on LinkedIn.
But from now on, and as a part of certification, uh, uh… of the summer school. Everybody will have to post at least 20 LinkedIn posts.
Which will also include the certifications that you have covered in the past. How to share those certifications, uh, I'll just… tell you, but… I'll start with the profile.
Also, this is my profile, uh… Take it.
Bottom views. Yeah, a brief about me, uh… And… okay, let it load.
Yeah. Your name and your photo, where your face is visible completely.
A bit Zoom can be done in this photo, but Tika will be. And the photo should be professional.
I. Okay. Uh, some formal clothes.
Face visible completely. That is good. Then, uh, your basic, uh… Yeah. Short bio.
And then about. About yourself.
Installation.
Guys, please mute yourself, yeah. So then, about yourself, about. In about, you will mention what are you trying to achieve, what are you trying to…
Please have extra…
Yeah. But what are you trying to learn? What do you want to become in your life?
And these things about yourself. And this will help you know, you're in your visibility.
Then please be regular on reposting, commenting on others, uh, no, uh… praising others for their achievements, because people, they're kind of replicate that gesture.
So, uh, Kesigo, if you write, uh, well done. Good work. So others will also replicate those things.
Take care. Yeah. I'll ask you guys to share your, uh… LinkedIn, but just wait for some time.
Could I have a question?
Then please mention all your experiences that you were, uh, let's say you were in charge of something, you organized some kind of fest, you, uh… Okay.
Then, uh, that you are… you have organized something that you were in charge of some club, some group in your institute, that you, uh, you were a… volunteer for this event, that conference, anything. Just write… all your, uh, experiences.
Here. I have mentioned a lot. I was… no, also the… student head during my time, uh, General Secretary, we organized many events, and, like.
We kind of, you know, I have mentioned Many things, too. So, you also mentioned everything, all your experiences here.
Your internship, your, uh… Training, everything.
Then, skills. Skills, just write whatever you can in skills. Because, uh, LinkedIn also suggests you… some jobs based on the… skills that you mentioned in the LinkedIn.
No. We'll not talk about letter of recommendation, anything, uh, just, yeah, this is the only class.
That will happen, yeah? So, mention all the skills, and you can also add certifications. A new filter is also there.
This plus, and just edit, you can mention all. Also, I do education from where did you do, uh, did your degree?
Okay, from where you're currently pursuing your degree. Next, I will open one more profile. Let's say, uh, I'll open profile of MT Arvinzer.
Our mentor and chief innovation Yeah.
Sir, sorry to interrupt you, but I had it out. Uh, actually, uh, it's just… I have, uh, start… I have… created my LinkedIn account, and I have posted the summer school offer letter there for my… as my first post.
But, uh, as you said, that you have to post your experience, your certifications.
What if, uh, the I'm a kind of person, I do not have any certifications or any experience right now.
So, okay.
No issues. No issues, no issues, no issues. I'll come to that part as well, just… First, let's check some profiles, and I'll come to that part.
Together. This is the profile of MTR Windsor, and there is some short bio. Clearly mentioning that what is… is she doing right now? Where he's involved, and some past that, uh… That, uh, is also a doctor at some, you know, startup, some mentors. He's also mentoring a lot of startups.
Currently, he's the Chief Innovation Officer at IITGMO. Professor of Practice, TK. Then, about… some things Cesar has mentioned, but this about can be a bit longer, and I want you guys to write a long about.
Then activities… service were very much active. Uh, recently, uh.
Yeah, some activity was done from Sir's side. He also… wrote a book, uh, for… students, you know.
For youngest kids. About, uh, involving Ramayana, so 4K.
Yeah, so this is the post that he's sharing regularly. He's also active, commenting on the post of others. Then the experiences. Sir has mentioned various experiences on his platform, or on his profile.
To get. Then the education is clearly mentioned here. Yeah, and then skills. Skills. You can add multiple skills, uh… at least 10 skills. Take care. If… Uh, there are no core skills, but You can add other skills. For example, Google Workspace is also a skill, uh…
Excel… advanced Excel is also a skill. No, uh, creating good PPTs is also a skill. Making good, uh, brochures, posters is also a skill.
So people, they need… if you want to be visible, then… you should, you know, make a profile at least, uh.
You need to add these fields in your profile. Who's education?
Or you fixed that?
We'll, uh, see one more profile. Let's say, uh… I'll open off.
Shoemstar's profile. Yeah. Photo is there, which… As I mentioned, that your face should be clearly visible. In the last profile also, Photo was clearly visible. Then, I think Sir has not updated, uh, some recent developments.
But About is also there, but since about… About has to be bigger. You have to write a bigger about.
You know, include your education, your current learnings, and then where do you want to go?
And then post. And then experiences… Tiki. Mention all the experiences and education. And, yeah, some certifications he has mentioned.
Yeah, so those will come under licenses and certifications. And then some skills. Around 30 skills he has mentioned.
And then some awards he's mentioned. So you can mention all this information on your professional profile on your… on the profile of your LinkedIn.
And this will help other people to navigate to know more about you, that what exactly are you doing? Life may… Kit ni gross aap log kar rho.
Okay, so this is your professional page. Let's say if you're friends, then I would be knowing more about you.
Ticket. But then, if you're not, guys, you may please share your, uh… Huh, what about the beginners who are just learning their first skill? No issues. I'll come to that part.
Abhikiley, just please create a profile, add your education, and if you have made any project.
In, uh, let's say, uh, in your college, you can add that. You can, let's say, if you're in the first years or second year, aka itna exposure nahi yoga.
But don't worry, this one month will give you enough content.
You can mention about summer school, you have… that you have, uh, are planning, uh, this. You can also mention some general, you know, articles.
Topics, or you can just mention what are you learning currently?
Ticket. No issues, uh, skills. Eventually, you will build up many skills, uh, they say ajapneh, Sikhai, about London. After this, I'll move to some, uh, AI tools.
So AI Tools is also a skill. Chatgpt, how to use, uh, this… AI tools, been a better way is also skilled.
Okay. Then… and someone has mentioned it, uh, talk about personality skill, uh, skills that radiate and describe your… yeah.
You can basically… there are many skills, many areas which you can refer.
Then, yeah, everybody can share their LinkedIn profile, uh, in the chat box, and others peop- Please correct.
You can add your extracurricular activities, there's certificates, yes. And two, if you haven't added those yet, so two, no, uh, to… add this, uh, to add those, there's a better way, basically posting about it. May I abuse PRO? I'll just move to that part. Yeah.
Everybody can share their LinkedIn, uh, in this group, and people, please connect. Eventually, uh, this is how we'll… We will stay connected even after the summer school.
Take it. Yeah. Okay. So, your profile is, uh, now completed, which you will complete after this, uh, class.
And then, the very first post. How to write a post.
Pick it. Now, I'll come to the third part. Let's say, uh, we are not good at English.
Co-issue. Now we have ChatGPT. But we should have some idea that what do we, uh… one… what do we want to write, uh… Add in our post. What do we want to write in our post?
And, uh, let's say, uh, I'll… Right? I want to write about, uh, uh… about this internship only. Let's say this summer school, that I have joined this summer school by IIT Jemu.
Uh, which is being organized in our… collaboration with, uh, let's say, I3C and Techibal.
And now I'm excited to learn what these guys, uh, have to, uh.
Offer. But, uh, our… you know, now you're excited about your one-month journey. What will you learn?
The areas that you're going to learn together. And… For that, I'll write a post.
So, I'll open ChatGPT. In this class, in the offline.
Okay, I'll just start from scratch. Just… I'll just open this chat GPT.
Obviously, I'll use incognito. Take care.
Chatgpt. Yeah. I think everybody might have used chat GPTs.
Let's say this is your first time. So, ChatGPT is a very, uh, nice chatbot, uh, offered by OpenAI.
And Ektra say we have, uh… No, now we have a very good friend.
Who can perform any instruction? In text, uh, that will, uh, tell it.
And it is very good at executing the instructions.
Just to give you some context, uh… Let's say I want to… Make a chair. From scratch.
And if I don't know how to use hammer, I thought I can make a user actually say use nahi ba nahi.
Similarly, if I don't know how to give instructions. To anyone, properly. What do I want from this?
I'll not be able to you know, uh, get the required results.
So, ChatGPT is kind of a chatbot. It will follow our instructions, but our instructions, they… They have to be clear. What exactly do we want from this, uh, box?
This chat. We have a very good friend, but it only understands some clear instructions, that what exactly do we want from it?
Ticket. Uh, okay. For example, I'll just, you know, I'll just write a random, write, uh… letters… write a leave application. What they say, okay, but let's say. Write or leave application.
Take care. To write a new application.
In what context, Kushini, does it mean? And then it will show us something.
Sure, here's a general leave application format. Let me know if you want it tailored for a specific reason, and… Yeah. Check in.
Yeah. Some kind of format, and as a Q dia, asahi sne kyundiya, will also, uh, talk this in a… about this in a very layman language.
To give me. Yeah, so… Basically, escosa trailer. We have trained this in a… in this way. Uh, write or leave application. If anybody comes to your platform, and they type this exact keywords.
You will give them this template. Take care.
Yeah. You will give them this template. And now, I'll just… Customize this, uh… I want this… What do you want? I want this in 200 words.
Addressed. To the director of IoT, Jammu.
Take care. And what more can be added? Let's say, uh, I'm, uh, for 4 days.
For 4 days, and let's say the reason is Reason is what, uh…
My… trip with the family. Trip with my family.
Ticket. Basically, I have given some restrictions, some, you know, uh… Yeah, so now this… this boat will… write this application in 200 words.
Ticket. Addressed to the director. Respective Director. Take care.
And for 4 days. And Zhenist trip with family, so he… this tool has mentioned that Yeah, food…
Yeah. But how… does this tool know?
Uh… cheer. Yeah.
Guys, do you know this is a chair? Yeah, can someone speak up quickly interactive style, Kasa?
Yes, so…
So your screen is not visible.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Seth.
Yeah, do you know this is a chair? Well, you have been doing this… these kind of, uh… It depends for a long time, so now you know this is JS.
But how do you know this is a JS?
Because, sir, we have been taught either by our parents or by our school teachers in our school textbooks, that this is a shared. So, there is a relevant piece of information from which we can infer that This is a chair.
Exactly. So, eventually, over the years, we have seen this multiple times.
And our parents, our teachers, they have said that this is a chair.
And if somebody asks us now, now we say, okay, this is chair now.
2. Okay.
This is also a chair. Right? Why? Because it has, uh, some, you know, uh… It has a base and a back support.
And some leg, uh, which… supports this chair.
So, there are some features that are attached to this chair.
And that, uh, makes it a chair. Hannah? Bulgul Sayyna?
Chillo. Then that will scratch your mind.
Kaya tierra?
No. Okay. Just okay.
Yes, sir. That's a chair.
Because it has a base. Some support, and it has some legs that supports it, huh?
Soga… right?
Hannah? To just put fun, uh, Hamlog Hathi bhi Bhair.
Yes, sir.
It has four legs, it has a base where we can sit, so is that a chair?
Yeah, so… Yeah. Is this a chair?
No, so that's technical audit here.
Yes, sir, it can be considered as a chair.
Because it has a base. Back, and some legs that supports it.
And we can sit over it. So this is also chair. Ticket.
But then we'll come to the machine part, the machine language key. Okay, sir.
Is this a chair?
Yes, sir, it's also a jail.
Seems like a chair, but… let's say, uh, if, uh, if I were… trust an access structure, but… can be considered cheers, you know?
Structure is of, uh…
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so is this a… is… is this a… this a chair?
If we can sit on me, uh, maybe… It's not basic, but…
I don't know?
So it depends if this is a solid, then it can be used to sit, but if not, then it's not a chair.
It really depends on the state it is in.
Okay. Exactly. If it is solid, then we… it seems like a chair. Now we're confused.
Anna? First, in the first example, we were very much sure, okay, that will… was a chair, then we eventually came to different examples, like, examples, okay?
And then my mind kind of scratched off, kihayari chair, nahi hai, nah But if I were a machine.
To classify. To make a bolta, the very first time that you asked.
Uh, is this… is this a chair? To, let's say, I would have said, uh, that the chances of this being a chair is 60%.
Uh, is… This a chair.
Okay, yeah. Is this a chair? So… it will say, uh, yeah, the chances of this object being a chair is around 70%.
And similarly, agar me is peyata. Which, as I was lucky, the chances of this object being a chair is 51%.
Ticket. And it's able to share the volatility, chances are 40%.
Machines could actually convey kartne hai. And they do this because, uh… We are very much… we are trained to basically identify the things which we are using since a long time.
From a long time. Take it, Amnibus, first example, Diktih Boldya, that that is a jail. We… at the very first moment, we… Confirmed, yeah, the first example is a chair.
But, if eventually I asked you guys knew… examples, with new examples. I shared some new data.
And then you kind of fumbled, Kihara cheer hai nahi. In similar manner, machines also learn. Like, the way we are taught, okay, that is a chair, that is a table, fan.
Podium bed. In similar way, machines are taught. And for machines.
The data is a very big thing. Data. They are trained on the data.
And na jadaat detaoga.
Ticker. Yeah. So, this leave application request.
Internet has been there, uh… Since a long time, isk both sa logo, ha?
So, over years, we have written, you know, multiple applications, you know.
Uh, n number of applications, leave applications, application for, you know, uh, trip, application… leave application for, uh, due to fever, uh, some family reasons. Yes, Sabkuch internet pip… Over time, uh… collectogether. Take care.
And over time, these so many applications, they were, you know, kind of, uh, uh, they formed a good database for machines to learn.
From Tiger. Tika? Yeah.
They basically took all the data of internet, they took all these applications from the internet, and they fed all those into a machine.
And then how many machine goes to be trained kiya, and… machines, now they have learned.
Ticket. And now they will give us these, uh… formats these instructions, because the data was there on internet, and we have trained these machines on that data.
We humans learn in the same manner, and Machines have learned in the same manner as well.
Pick it. Uh, I think a few of them joined you, uh, in the last session, and I was there. Uh, addressing the questions. So, one thing that I, uh.
You know, mentioned is that everybody learns by imitating. Everybody learns by seeing what others do.
At the very first time, I did not know how to use a knife.
But then I saw someone using a knife. And then I basically saw it multiple times, and uske bhardi masika. Ikta said there was enough data to learn from.
Ticket, and only then I, you know, caught some glimpses. Of now, I'm able to use Knife in a very fine manner.
Driving cars, uh, writing on papers, everything is… learned by imitating others. Similarly, if you're preparing for any exam.
If you're learning a new skill, if you're learning any new concept in mathematics.
Pick a… so that is also… learned by imitating, by seeing the examples which are already given, by, uh… But, you know, practicing the questions which are already given as examples, then exercise.
We learn by imitating others. Take care. Yeah. I think I mentioned this in the last class as well.
So, let's say if there is any concept. Very much new to us. Just say a weird chairs team, these are very much new.
But the very first time, we basically saw them. And we interacted, we kind of gave some more time to it, and eventually now we know that, okay, this is a chair, and if I see it next time, I'll be able to identify that this is Jair.
Take it. Take care. I think the concept is basically we learn by implitting others, and we learn Uh, but of course, we also learned with some data.
And machines, they also lend me the data. And over time, internet pitna data collectatha, and we… fed all the data which was collected over the years on the internet into a machine.
And now we have ChatGPT, uh. And Gemini, Meta AI, uh… deep sick and AI models. Okay. They basically trained these machines, uh.
On the data. Train kise Hawaii, and who… that part is different. But, yeah, kuch asahi, usahi machines, uh… Yeah, please.
So… Yeah, so… so basically, uh, we learn by imitating.
Yeah.
And we develop a… rough mental image about something.
For instance, if it is a ball, then we feel that, okay, something which has a round shape is a bulb.
Now, there are objects which have round shape, but they are not walls. So, as Our mind comes across things like oranges and watermelon, which are also of round shape, but they… not share any characteristics of a ball. The range of information or…
Vin has increases, and so that is how our knowledge increases.
So, did I get… did I get the concept right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, the very first time you saw a bowl, now, after that, you saw a watermelon. You also thought that this is also a bowl, a bigger bowl.
But then you threw it, and food here. Then you came to know, okay, this is watermelon. This is something different. Now, your brain has taken that knowledge, and if you see a watermelon next time, then you will be able to identify, okay, uh, this is something different
From the bone. Take care. Cello. I think, uh, now you have a very good idea how machines learn, how humans learn.
Just to, uh, I'll just take two more minutes on this concept. Uh, let's say if you're preparing For any exam, if you are preparing for any interview, if you're preparing for any company, a coding round.
If you're learning a new skill. There, also, this concept applies.
Let's say I was preparing for J exam, J…
Yeah. I was… Preparing for my J exam.
Take care. Yeah. And… there were many concepts which were hard.
Take a starting minute, they were hard. But the very first time, my faculty, my teachers, they taught me, uh, how these concepts work, how to solve questions of these concepts.
Together. And eventually. I sold examples. Let's say, at very first time, I did not get how to solve these questions.
Then I sold some more examples. I sold more, more, more, more, and I kept on selling more examples.
And eventually, I get to, uh, I went… I know, I reached to a point where I can… solve the questions of that concept.
If they come in any format, any manner. Similarly, you will be coming across many, uh, different, uh, you know, uh.
Okay, guys, first class, eh? Christians, Raku. Take care.
You're from Fortier Achivate. Don't worry. Yeah.
To ultimately, uh, how to learn, basically just spend time on the things.
Pick it. And, uh, Vese, which is a strategy. Take it.
If you're enrolled in this program, please have patience. We have a way of teaching, and we'll cover the concept in that way only. And the full curriculum that we've mentioned, uh, in the program, that will be covered.
But tickets are patients referral. If you're imported, good thing.
Yeah. So, uh… Application Lika. Now, I'll move to an article, let's say, uh… write an article.
On… importance of… importance.
Of training. Ai models.
Enlightenment.
Ticket. In… 300 words.
Yeah. And then you can also specify what tone it should be.
Tone can be casual, uh, formal, and, like, any tone. Take care. And why… this, uh, tool… It's writing in this way, because it has been trained to write in this manner.
Ticket. I think the concept is clear now. Take it. Yeah. So, similarly, you can also, uh… create PPTs.
To now create… I'll just show you the use cases that can be done with this.
Now create, uh, first we'll start with the LinkedIn post. Yeah. So we initially started with… started with this, uh, this post.
Okay. So, I wanted to write a post about… I recently… joined… Ayati Jammuz.
Somewhat of… summer school program. Let's say, uh, my domain is, uh, AI.
And… Roljamin, some more. Willems?
Ai agents… Yeah. Uh, I'm excited.
If there's a mistake, uh, don't worry, in these words, this tool will identify, and it will eventually Yeah. I'm excited.
To learn and explore. New concepts.
You can also mention something, let's say, about, uh…
Okay, let's keep this very short. And I… now, this is the con… context. Before asking, uh… before asking this tool to, you know, uh, write something. We basically first give context to it. And… about what we are, uh, talking. And now, I'll ask…
This to perform some action, and that will be, uh, rank… write a LinkedIn post.
Write a LinkedIn post. Using above content.
Ticket. Let's say in 300 words. Will write a long post. Check it.
Yeah. So it will write a post in 300 words.
And your task will be to edit this, and then ultimately, uh, post this on LinkedIn.
Let's say, uh, there are multiple ways to edit this. Either you can use OpenAI's Canvas, or you can edit this in Canvas, you can edit this error only. Okay.
I think for that, it will ask us to log in.
Okay, yeah. Yeah. You can edit the text, let's say I want to remove this last time.
You can use this, uh… canvas of ChatGPT.
The other way is to use… The other way is to use… Google Docs, which I use for my post.
So I'll just copy this post from here. And I will open… a Google Doc document.
Corporate premise. Google Docs.
Blank document.
Yeah, and paste, but whatever you copied. And many people, they forget to remove these additional lines.
And words, ticket. Please make sure that you remove these lines.
Take care.
Also, add hashtags. Uh, content is there, hashtag is there, uh, heading is there. But LinkedIn does not recognize this, uh.
Formatting this bold, uh… it direct, let's say, I'll do some text as italic.
And now I'll just copy this full text, I'll paste this on LinkedIn.
And now. Take care. You come here.
Oh, excuse me, sir?
Yep, please.
So, I have a question, may I…
You can ask the question that someone asked me.
So you said that we have mailed tons of applications to, um, our concerning individuals via via the internet, and basically, ChatGPT has utilized that information to create a database. So, sir.
And email is a private conversation, right? So, how exactly does the internet get access to our private conversation and feed it into ChatGPT's database?
Uh, we'll come to that part, uh, you know, about data privacy concerns later.
But let's say many have… they have written articles on internet, uh, how to write, uh, good leave application. They've mentioned many samples on the internet.
People have used those to train. But we'll come on this, because this is not a part of, uh.
This class, and eventually we'll be Discussing about the bias, data privacy, and all those concerns. Take it. But for now, let's focus on LinkedIn.
And the basic gist was to give you some idea that how my machines learn.
While ChatGPT is showing, uh, the content in this manner. How we, as humans, learn.
Okay. Yeah. So, uh… We have added some text, but if you see on the screen, this seems very cluttered.
And I think this might be putting some strain on your eye.
Hello? Sir?
On the plane. Yeah, please. And if I add some spaces, I have to please, please ask, ask your question, yeah.
I have no questions, I have a meeting at 7 to 7.30.
Can I go to attend the meeting? As in, I am the CR of my class.
Pastor Representative. So that I'm meeting.
Of course, you can leave if you want, but try to schedule those meetings.
How… how much are…
Okay, woe meeting, you can discuss those later. But this, uh, craft will not come again. So just… try to manage both, uh, you know, in the, uh… some time frames. Take care. Now, guys, see this post.
Now, this seems more, you know, pleasing to my eyes. Uh, no space was there. And this was putting strain on my eyes.
But, okay. But I added… I added some.
Space. And ye… local tenure, basically.
And now, this post… looks good, and pleasing to my eyes. Take care. Second, this is… but ye bold haine.
If you'll post, it will remove the for meetings. To escalate, there comes a very good tool, uh, Uska Naimit Type Grow. Take care. But before that.
Uh, since, let's say, if you're new to LinkedIn, and you will be having, uh, very less connections, very less followers.
So your post will not have required reach. And LinkedIn's algorithm has, you know, a very good, uh, networking a re… a way to get more reach.
Basically, if you post your stories on LinkedIn, uh, on Instagram.
And you tag someone. Now that person shares Uh, you're… Yeah. Shares your story in their, uh… their account. Okay, so eventually, people… Eventually, your story will be getting more reach.
Because you mentioned someone else, and now the person has shared the post.
Just basic networking algorithm, take it. Similarly, in this, uh, post.
Whatever you will post about summer school, or about your skills, you will be tagging a lot of your mentors.
Your friends, your school, uh, uh, sorry, school, not school, but college difficulties, your college, so your reach is, uh… So you reach of this post increases. For example, I'll add, uh, let's say, uh, emptier rinser.
I'm de Arvin, sir. Mt urban? Yeah I'll also add Shubham Gore be at M, G.
I'll also tag IIT Jamun, because IIT Jammu has more than 30,000-40,000 followers So, I'll type Indian Institute… Indian… I-N-D, Indian Institute of Technology, yeah.
And let's say, uh, your friends, I am a friend of Parameters, so I'll, uh… I'll tag parameters.
Pick it. So you can add other… your peers from your, uh, summer school program. Take care. And this… this thing will help us a lot in, uh, getting reach.
Getting acknowledged by other people, getting acknowledged by recruiters over time.
Both important step, eh? And the other thing is also add a picture to this.
Hamishaik Media Edgarthus mein. Because this will, uh, make the post interactive.
Take care. Yeah, so I'll just select a random picture. Cuppies.
Excuse me, sir? Oh, sorry, yeah, sir, like, for writing LinkedIn posts, is it… okay to be so much dependent on artificial intelligence, because it would… wouldn't it hamper the creativity of human minds? Like.
Make it propagand.
Ah, yes, you can write full post on your own, no issue. I'm just telling you a very short and easy way to write a post.
Of course, you can write the post, full content on your own.
Then in this photo, if you don't want to show that you have tagged someone directly in your post.
You can tag people here, and this will not be shown in the content of your post, but it will also… it will tag people.
Take care. Ed. Pick, and next.
Wo aapke photometa coin. And this is also a good way to tag more people. If you don't want to show their names in this content.
Sir, can you repeat the process?
Okay. And then we also… yeah. Our content is ready, uh, our… First, the content which we, uh… created using ChatGPT. You can write… your own content, that is the step one.
The tag one.
Step 2 is basically tagging people, or tagging relevant people. You can also tag Google. If you… if you… If you are using a Google tool, you can tag Google, you can also tag OpenAI, you can tag Chat…
So, really sorry to interrupt, but there was a network issue. Can you repeat the steps?
Okay, I'm just repeating steps only. First is you add the text.
Then the… people that you want to tag in this post, you can also tag the owners of the tools, the creators of the tools.
For example, Google OpenAI, Q.ai, because people No, they keep on, uh… Because many people follow Google, uh.
Google's LinkedIn account. So your post will also reach to those people.
To reach Baranaka ye both say tariqar. If you… if you, if you tag a lot of people.
Okay, so always try to tag IT Gemu. Any other IIT, uh, other IAMs, if the… project is in management, you can take IAMs. If the project is about low.
You can tag national law schools, just, you know, those. Together. And then you can also, uh… try to always add a photo, because this will… increase the interaction with the post.
And then you can add people in, uh, you've… photo as well. Take care. Now, you can post this, uh, post.
Just click on post, and it will be posted, but you… let's say, uh… you're writing this post at night, okay? So you can schedule this post for later as well.
I want to post this on 19th. Let's say at 7.30 AM.
Ticket. And now, next, and your post will be scheduled. A similar feature is available in the mails, uh, Gmail account. Take care.
To GHEs, uh, you can do. And I think this, uh, schedule for later is… I think, available for one photo only, one photo post.
Ticket. Click on post, it will be posted. Now your second job will be to interact.
With others post. Let's say, uh, Quiposte, up names to like, yeah, uh, you… Uh, basically, uh.
Karo, wokaro. Tiger.
Because people, they replicate. If the very, uh, you know, one thing that I, uh, take care of, and that I do, uh.
Personally, is when there are very less comments in a post, I… intentionally add a comment on that post.
Because I'm doing something extra, and the person I always get this, uh, that someone viewed your profile, and whenever I check it, uh, the person is the same.
Ticket. Because people… they basically, uh, are kind of, you know, they have hunger, you know, for recognition, uh.
For, uh, appreciation. So, if we appreciate people, others will also appreciate us. And if we do some… something extra.
So, that will help us, uh. For example, see, only 9 to 10 likes. If I add a like here, and I add a comment.
This comment will also be shown in this post. And it will also increase Okay. Launching 2. You can just mention, yeah, uh, uh, seems good.
A good initiative. Good initiative.
Really excited for it. Really ex…
Sir, basically, we can say that, uh, we can… Increase the engagement of the course so that others also get aware of our profile.
Exec. Exactly. Exactly, exactly.
Initiative. Begin. And these… try to add comments when there are less comments. Because that will increase… against post-deco, na.
Is postcore. So you may comment, ki aari kon Hajisne keya comment aid kiwa.
And this will basically give me more visibility. Kuyagar is supposed to check karaga.
I will already be there. Okay, so try to do something extra.
So, this is all about LinkedIn. Eventually, we will also be using some browser extensions, but our beaches , The job is to post at least, uh.
5 times a week. Learning whatever you're learning, and let's say if you've done any course, uh, yeah, for those who have mentioned that they have… they don't have any skill, they are not doing something.
You can mention about your courses, your college courses, that currently I'm pursuing this course in my college, and this course is about, uh, you know, let's say, uh, DSA, uh.
Algorithms, and I'm learning this in my course. You can mention about that. Because there is always something that you can mention. If not your skills, you can mention about the thing that you're enrolled in.
The courses in which you are enrolled. So just try to keep mentioning.
On this, uh. Type of platform, the Wobiap apna use ka start then. You can mention those things as well, that my typing has increased to this. Over time has increased to this.
Ticket. So, this is, uh…
So, is it possible? That we can post, like, what we learn in today's classes, like in IAT.
So, in 18 summer school. Am I audible, sir?
Sorry, sorry. Yeah, please, just repeat once, yeah.
So, actually, I was asking that, is it possible that, uh, every decision we had, we can also post about it?
Exit… you can take a screenshot, and then you can post it in this class. We learned about this.
That's what we learned.
We explored some new tools, we explored some new concepts. Okay, that will add… Yeah.
Okay. So is it, uh… Is it allowed? So, am I able to take a screenshot? Is it allowed?
Uh-oh! You're free, malam. But the only thing is, uh, we are not so sure about the recordings, whether, uh.
Okay.
I think Roomsa will interact with you after this session, but you are free to take screenshots and you can Yeah, you can use those on LinkedIn, no.
Thank you so much.
The other thing is that you have to search people, uh, let's say, uh, I want to search software developers.
Software developers. Just a basic random search.
Ticket. And then there are Jove's Post, people, services, groups, courses, and a lot of things. I'll look for people.
And I want people in… In India, let's say in India, in, uh… In India, and… and then I can add more… More on this. I want people in, let's say, in, let's say, uh, in Delhi.
Location.
I'll just do a refresh.
The other thing is, uh, that you have to reach out to other people. Where do you want to go? In which… Uh, which company, uh, that you, you know, want to, uh, do a job at.
I think… so you just connect with similar people in the domain. Take care.
Let's say, uh, I'll type Delhi. Take a Delhi, India Mameco software developers, uh, search karne.
So I'll connect with people here on this platform. Take it, I'll just… you can search people in your area, search people in Bangalore, in that com… And you can also search a company also. You can search a company as well. Let's say I want to apply for Microsoft.
So, it is always better to, uh. Connect with people from that company in advance.
Eventually, you can ask them for referrals, you can ask them for roadmaps, how did they correct that job? Hiring ground may kyahota hai.
Okay, so you can ask all this question from these people. Take care. Let's say I'll connect with these people.
Ah, yeah.
Sir, I'm having certain network issues. Can I just leave and join, if that's okay?
Yeah, please, yes, yes, yeah. Uh, just to, uh, give you some… okay, uh, yes.
There are two ways to send a connection request, one without a note, and second, you can just add a note.
And since LinkedIn has given this option, that means this… this note will help us to stand out. Cookie log node need out there.
Okay, let's say, uh, hi, uh, I… hello, okay, uh, Justin, yeah.
Hello, Jaskiran. I came across your profile.
Again, across your profile. Cross your profile.
Uh, looking forward to connect. Looking forward to connect.
To connect and have some… Sorry. Insightful.
Insightful, uh, discussions. Too good. If you met someone in a conference in a… in some event, so you can also mention that thing as well.
That would… that will also help us know, uh. Give… that… that will give us some visibility, and that person will accept our request.
Ticket-based deal. Ticket. And the other way is just… connect, send without a note.
And eventually, you will see the difference in… Both these methods. Okay.
Yeah, so one is this thing. Yeah. Then we also have first, second, third.
Uh, you know, first is basically, uh, our own, uh, followers.
In our own circle, immediate circle. Second is Job apne fodorse unke followers, the followers of our followers.
Tiger. Third is… Polaros que followers que followers.
Okay, so there are three levels which you can, uh, reach out.
Together. And this also helps us narrow down the people. Take care. So please try to, uh, add try to, you know, send, uh.
3-4 connections at least a week, or at least a day. I basically max out my connections, uh, of… That's what my weekly connections.
Begin. And this thing will help you land a very good job.
Eventually. Take it? It is a karnat seh. Okay, I think, uh, for now, uh, this much is good, uh, for LinkedIn.
Pick it. Yeah. And after this, uh, we'll move to… ChatGPT only for Skarifeng Bhar.
As previously said, I have one question regarding LinkedIn. Uh, sir, there is an option of easy apply and job application like that.
Yeah, please. Yeah, you guys can…
So…
Will basically… Oh, easy apply is, uh, something that, uh, has been introduced on LinkedIn.
And if your profile is complete, uh, let's say, uh, my name is added, my, uh.
Learning field is added, my… education background, my, uh, certifications, everything is added.
So I would be able to use that feature well.
Yeah, so I can always use Easy Apply. Just try to use Easy Apply. Actually, Easy Apply. Just once click on it and see what happens.
Okay. The…
Hello, sir, uh, what, uh, what step did you mention after the node?
You, uh, mentioned about the note option and the LinkedIn. Was there any other step?
After this?
Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. After node V, basically, so, uh, you know, the levels of people that we interact with. First level, Joe, immediate group may hai, then apne group ke jo, wo, and then unke dos joke.
Ticket, they're basically LinkedIn allows us to reach to three levels. Joabke friend hai.
Okay, friend, and then later on, unke befriended. Ticket. So we use this feature. You have to use this feature, and let's say, uh, I am working in GYUX domain.
Okay. Though, I would be looking for people, those who are designers, you know, like-minded. Let's say I want to work at Google.
To Google me, jitnei Bhi UI UX designer hai sabko connection request based luma.
I'll also send some requests to people of Microsoft. To people of Meta. Basically, in these domains.
Okay, and then I'll also target… I'll also target HR managers.
Meh, her company ka HR manager. So software developer. But I'll search HR managers.
And by the companies. And I just connect with them over this, uh.
Platform. And later on, you can, you know, start your discussions and eventually build a good relationship with them, and then please ask, can you give me some referral, or, uh, I'm working in this domain, and are there any openings in…
Your company. So, if… yeah, I can also mention if there is any company, uh.
Position, I need job role in your company. You can refer me next time.
I would be, uh, you know, happy to work at your company. I am excited to, uh, you know, explore the opportunities.
Managers, different, different companies ke, just connect with them. And these guys, they also share some very good articles about, you know, hiring.
Ticket. So try to connect people in different, different domains. Yeah, so this, uh, thing was left.
So, basically complete for now, and you have to write a post, kind of, daily or twice a week. No, no, twice.
At least 4 times a week. Take care. You can also write two post as well, if you want.
And over time, if you get more attention, your audience buildup, then you can… start writing more posts.
We are moving now… Yeah, please, Trent. No need.
Sir, one question. Sorry to interrupt. Sir, can you give us insight about GitHub, like LinkedIn you have given?
Github is basically… Thirdobically. We'll commit to this.
Okay, so…
In other, uh, classes. For now, let's skip it, yeah.
Anything about… Ah, please mention.
Uh, sir, I had a doubt that… Uh, after this session, after the meeting is over, so we would, uh, get the resources and the, uh, in short, the data class we have to complete.
In the next class, when we get that in, uh, written in short, in text, right?
On the group?
Thanks, uh, yeah. The steps in the group as well, but… if… since you're in the class, just, uh, just, yeah, whatever instructions I'm giving, just… write those.
Okay, sure.
Complete profile, write a post, you know, follow these people. We'll also share some steps in the group after this.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, but you just… Yeah, yeah. And you can also introduce yourself in the chat box, uh, as many others have done. You can write about, okay, you're from this college, you're working on this, you're learning on this, just please…
Always network. Jahapay moka milli network karneka. Torto Middle School. Never leave any chance.
Of making connections. Hamisha, jake apne aapko introduce pandemicwe… what I mean?
Just telling a name and, uh, what are you… what are you working currently, what do you want to learn?
This Hamisha, it is a perspective. Picking this bottle. You never know, cub catches cum karjay.
Or lil… Okay, so please never leave a chance, uh, uh, to basically, you know.
Form connections. Yeah Okay, I think this is over for now, and we'll move to the next… Yeah, please put them.
Is that an eighth note, Tamira? Reschedule karne.
Team doesn't focus.
6-80 requirement. I hope it not so much me agay, OR yachi sabap deli karaoke. Take care. Yeah. So, we'll explore Prasa ChatGPT, and then we'll explore one or two more tools.
How many of you have used Notebook LM by Google.
Some of you might have used. Just do a thumbs up.
Yeah. Henry's, yeah. Okay.
Okay, uh, first, I'll move to ChatGPT. I'll just, uh… wrap it up very fast, and execute this much my sharecut.
Yeah, just a second.
So, this is the interface of ChatGPT, uh, that you have seen.
Pretty good. Of course, Abu Chattukartinga. And the other things that I want to highlight is basically, uh.
That you can create PPTs in this. You know, basically, whatever you can do with text.
You can do this with ChatGPT. Take option here, let's say I want to create I want to create… a pitch deck, a pitch deck.
Which deck, uh, own, uh. We pitched that short hain. I want to create PPT on, uh, importance of learning AI.
Take it. Learning AI. Let me, uh, ticket.
In 20 slides, in 10 slides. And Jay Hameik at content dilega. It will give, uh, some good content on… Take care.
Yeah, replicate those 10 slides. Okay, but I… what I want to tell you is.
That I can customize what exactly I want on each slide.
Ticket. Whatever instruction I will give, uh, GA or SARA instructions.
Okay, cooling facial there.
Yeah. You know. Again, the slide was now click there. But what do I want? I want, uh, uh, two, uh, headings.
And when… one line of explanation In every slide.
The other way is that you have a PPT, and you upload the PPT here, and then you ask questions. Kipt good enough, eh?
Ppt, uh, uh, let's say, uh. Meets the criteria of that competition. Examically, they declare heading, and then one line of Explanation. You can be more, you know, a specific line ki hai.
This is called prompt, and prompt can be as long as you want it.
To give the context.
That they'll take it. It is always better to give more context So that it can answer us in a better way.
Yeah. The other thing that I want to show is that you can attach files and photos here.
You can attach your PPDs, you can attach your Excel sheets.
And you can, you know, uh… do some data interpretation.
Data analysis here with ChatGPT. You can attach a PDF files, and you can ask it Uh, to perform, uh, some… particular… Redux, Python, and AI, and one… Okay, I think I'm not able to… get any…
We'll give… let's say we have some, uh, data here. We have some excellus, uh, file.
But you can use this chat GPT, uh, let's say, uh, give me a… Give me a summary of this data.
Summary of this data. Coach, do you get institutions, Joyce Mayor?
Take care. Yeah.
Basically, use cases both are in ChatGPT game.
Yeah, your domains will be covered eventually. Jb are both important. Take it.
But it has given us the overview, uh, of… the data. Eventually, data science may be upload, uh.
Ai tools use Karoga to analyze the data. Ticket, and capture missing information, KKS meadar nah.
Okay, yeah. So now, let's say, uh, I want to… I want a particular entry, or I want data in a particular format, in a particular table.
Take care. Uh, give me the… give me… give me… Uh, first… 5 rows… in a new table.
Yellow. Okay. Uh, yeah. Uh, create a PDF need a PDF?
Of this… table ticket. Uh, ChatGPT limit authority, but let's say, uh.
Juice yoga. Take a… take PDF bansaktiya, you can download that PDF, you can, like.
Download a new file. Dig in. And this will happen. So, slowly, it's… But it will give you a downloadable PDF file.
The other thing is that you can use other apps. You can connect your… Google Drive and Vase, you can connect with documents, Google Docs.
And then you can query the documents, you can ask more questions about that document.
Okay. Tools mega hai? Create an image. Pele Iska feature a lah taoli karke iska diffusion model tha, ah.
Image generation model. But now, that model has been integrated here.
I'll start a new, uh, uh, yeah. So, you can also search the web now. Basically, Google use Kaneki Junea, you can just ask this, that go to web and, uh.
Uh, uh, okay, let's say, uh, go to web. And perform some research.
Perform… some research… own the layouts, on the current ongoing.
Layouts. In various… in, let's say, various companies.
Various top companies. And suggest me… one or, let's say, uh, one, two.
Core skills. That I can focus.
Core skills on which, uh, I can focus And… And that will help me… that will help… me and longer run.
Yeah.
Take a kucha, sir. Data.
14 plus yampe articles hai. To… just in 2-3 seconds, it has analyzed those 14 websites, web pages, and make a… Banaki.
To get, uh, you know, your prompt engineering and F, a fluency, yeah, basically, uh, ECA part, seek hai.
Ticket. Then other skills, other skills CA. Tisne is Sarah… Geez, Bina Hamare.
Openk, without opening any single document. On our own. It has… Given us this crisp and short content of what You can def… so you can use this for research as well. Take care. And this is, uh, given, uh, KBJ Mani Vasov Taya.
I have picked this content from that website, from that page.
Ticket. Yeah. Then other tools we have, uh, deep search, uh, Think for Longer, Write, or code.
Okay, coming to the next part, we have, uh… Here?
Yes. Settings. Settings may… we have some personalization.
Basically, Yahira, memory is key, eh? Memory, uh, reference saved memories. First, it basically… whatever you chat, uh, whatever you add, whatever you give the data to this.
It will learn the data, and it will form a picture about you, about your work.
Jobhi apluk chario. Think hai? And basically, over time, it will… It will learn about those. And now, if I ask.
About, let's say, what is summer school? So, it will, you know, uh… Okay.
Sir, could you please show this tape once again?
So, in settings, uh, in settings, we have… personalization here.
Here, it is, uh, having some memory. Memory, basically, let ChatGPT save and use memories when responding.
And you can manage this memory, you can turn off this feature.
What it does is that it basically learns from your, uh.
Chats that you do it with… that you do with the chat board. And if you ask any question from this, it will, you know, basically go back into the history, and now then it will be able to, uh.
Bring back that exact text. Or exact context ki aap uske se spanaim baat karate, theek hai. So, over time, it will have a good, uh… memory of yours. Let's say if there's any particular style of typing, a particular style of
Writing. So, it will grasp that style, ki aapkis tera se document dikto, in what manner do you write the documents?
And eventually, when you will ask the charitable that, uh, use my, uh, use, uh, the manner in which I write, use the tone that I prefer, and now write this article. So it will… write the document in that particular style.
Hr features ka. Yeah, then speech, yeah, pay, uh, it would… detects… you can just… adds your samples, control control. I think, ape chat naive.
Take a… build a profile is basically, uh… You can add about your other links.
Other domains. Then there are connected apps. You can connect to Google Drive, Microsoft Drive.
And through security here, packages here. But one thing that I wanted to cover is this map.
Memory part. Next is that we can share this chat with anyone.
Let's say, uh, I want to share this particular chat with some other person. So I'll just click on share.
And I'll create a link. And I'll, let's say, uh, copy this link, make this chat discoverable. That means you can search this set on Google as well. But for now, I'll just copy this link.
Okay, uh, I don't want to make a disco. Yeah. Copy this link, and I'll paste this in your chat.
You know. And, uh, is… shared co-op, access control.
Tika. Second loop job, please.
Yeah, I'll post this again, yeah. Now you can access this chat, or ye aapke, aapkos me aado jayega. And basically, iski do branch bang jayangi, one that I'll have with me, and the other one is that you will have Until this point, you will be able to access all the data.
Take care. Jobyama may chat to you. And now you can ask your questions, I'll ask my questions.
Take a… yeah. So this is also a very good feature. You can also, right, copy this, and you can mail these with, uh, mail this with to other persons. Take care. The other feature is the GPTs.
You know, uh, you know, GPTs. Gpts are basically, uh, you know.
So, can you repeat the…
But sharevala feature.
Right, the SharePoint. Can you repeat it again, please?
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Basically, let's say I am in this chat. Take care.
I can share this chat with any, uh, person I want.
I'll basically click on this share. And I think many of you might have used Google Docs, make my classmate both speed sick, uh.
Us, maybe we can share our documents with everyone. And you'll just create a link here.
And now… and copy it, and just paste it in… the WhatsApp or email that you want to share. And now that person will be able to access This jet from here, from starting till here.
Take care. Now, he… whatever you dismiss your data, basically what he can access.
And if… that particular person asked more questions. But I can share these chats also.
With people. Take a quick feature, eh? Then the next feature is this chat, uh, this… Yeah.
So… Uh, if I, uh, open the link and paste it, uh, in any platform. Will the other person be able to access all my chats with a particular AI tool?
That particular chat only. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Only that particular chat.
Then we have these GPTs. Gpts are basically, uh, your other apps. If they say it is just like a Play Store or App Store.
For other GPTs. For example, Canva, uh, coffee etchatule, and I'm looking… I think it's… when Sasha will be there for everyone, but Joe people, uh, Joe, you explained role, the one who are enrolled in UAX, They will mainly be using Canva more.
But we have other GPTs. Monday to an analyst, both are Python, uh, uh, chat with PDF, ScholarsGPT, let's say if you want to, you know, uh.
Write papers in a particular format. You can use these. Take care.
Let's say I'll add Canva. And then Canva.
You have to install this to add this, let's say, a Microsoft Net account, say, yeah.
Yes, safe spaces. You have to… you will have to…
Yeah, yeah.
That's why I ain't used to…
There's please, or… Okay, who's that person?
Now, may I please open our mic over here? Okay.
Yeah, uh, StarChat, and Jobis Ka… You can use this tool for web searches, images, code interpreter.
Custom GPDs bunadi hain. This kind of particular functionality. Kemada ka functional ki bhi aaph chat se ek.
Poster genetic perspective. Just say, generate… generate a poster.
For summer school. Summer school, uh… IIT JAMUS.
Summer school, uh. Let's say, uh, dates, uh, dates are… date is, uh, let's say, June 16.
And you can also mention when you, uh… As I read your mind.
And then you can… basically, you can mention more about the poster. What do you want? The poster should be of… that… poster should… should have a theme.
Yeah. Should have, uh… should have a wide view theme.
Pick a white blue thing. And you're gonna keep on mentioning, you can keep on giving more details for more context, and Firi Karkek, both achas are supposed to be another.
Take a…ita. Okay, just, what would you like?
To convey, for example, it is academic, promotional, or informative. Uh, let's say I let it is academic.
And then it will ask for permission, allow Canva to, uh… connect, and then create this poster. So in this manner, you can use multiple GPTs, multiple apps.
Involving chat GPTs. Take care. Avokoic particular, uh… It has given two options here.
It will take some time, and I'll be post-avanger. But Kitana Achabanega, how good that poster would be, that would depend, uh… On the, you know, uh, working of this… Ticket. Take a poster for now, but let's say image is, uh, different.
But the best part here is that we can do is with these images, they are… editable. Take care.
And, uh, Keseiva, if I click on this. This will take me to Canva.
The editable link… and now I can change whatever I want.
Best partner. I did most summer school 23, join us for enriching experience.
I'll, uh, put something from plods. Let's hit this image of hydrogen. Nice Cucin present. It frame, basically, image frame.
And everybody has to, uh, use Canva, okay? But let's say an image change came from change here, now I can just share it with anyone I want.
To get na easy oya poster banana. That I don't have to start from scratch.
In other chat also, the… main aim of using this chat GPT is basically assisting us with our task.
If I want to write and leave application, why… I will not scratch my head. I'll just use this tool.
Okay, so I'll use this tool. And… Yeah.
Okay.
And guys, you can get your own unofficial group, uh, that, uh, please make sure ki, uh, one page, you are not sharing any, uh.
Uh…
Restricted content to be able to… it is on your… it is… it will be your responsibility.
Please, you can create your groups, but please make sure your groups access children.
Ticket. So, this is a good overview, yeah, good Bajeet. This is a good overview of ChatGPT, and now you can use This, in many contexts. You can use this to analyze your data.
We use this to analyze posts. You can use this, uh, I'll try to find those, uh…
Let us check Vardubarak explained Kardo ya.
Okay. Basically, yakka hai seminar, both side GPTs. Gpts means both side apps. For example, the apps that we have on Play Store, the apps that we have on, uh.
App Store. Take care. And each app has its own particular function.
Sae for ChatGPT, we have many GPTs here. Take care, explore GPTs.
Sora is video generation, uh… of both of this, uh, OpenAI, and GPT's her GPT accesses?
Customized function guard DI. Take a… I can access Canva from here, I can create a good poster, draft.
Then I can move back to Canva, and my S2 computer system. I can use this image generator, I can generate a good image with this, then I can keep on refining. Uh, yeah, fitness, workout, and diet. Uh, I will actually sort of fine-tune kya gay.
For particular task. If I'll use this, this will… give better, uh, information, uh, uh, for… better information on diet, on workout plans.
On fitness, uh, you know, uh. Tips and, uh… other things, basically. So these GPTs, they are customized to answer you in a particular way, in a particular, uh, for a particular use case.
That you can use, and each app has its own function, war up explorer karna, topics, and then you can use something from Productivity, research and analysis, education may, Doli, uh, program… Yeah, you can use this.
So…
Sir, I had a question, that is, whenever I'm designing a poster using Canva.
Yeah. Yes.
Uh, there is a watermark of… remove that watermark?
Yeah, so basically, there are some paid and free elements on this. Let's say, uh… usually have paid account time, but see, here it is mentioned Pro.
Picker. So, this… these elements, they are node-free. Try to use free elements.
You can use free elements, and then the voter mark
You know, if I'm using a free element only, but… A water amount of Canva is coming.
Three element users go. Paid element ok? Piga.
Yeah, so you can use these GPTs for different, different, uh, functions.
Someone reached out to me, uh, like, uh. Some time back. And, uh, the person requested that, uh, there is some competition, uh, uh.
That… yeah. That there will be a competition on which I will be evaluated, and basically a Koi evaluation criteria, and this is my, uh, PPT.
So, can you please help me to refine my PPT? What did I do? I basically added those files And given to ChatGPT.
When most of my, uh, first PPT. The other one was my… evolution criteria, and what did I do? I basically asked it, analyze Analyze this PPT against Against the… against the sites… against the criteria.
Criteria mentioned in the… in the PDF.
Pick it, and score me score this PPT.
Score this PPT, own various jargons of various… criteria. Take care.
Absolutely correct. And give points. So, it will analyze both the… you will analyze PPT as well as this PDF.
Kami. Take it.
We can basically assign any role to ChatGPT. Let's say I want it to be a mentor, uh, I wanted it to be an industry expert, working in some particular domain.
Pyoki, because we have used a lot of data to train this board.
So, it has very, very, very huge information that will help us. And we can assign it any role. Let's say I want it to be a UIX designer working in the industry from, you know, past, uh, 17 years.
And now, this… Now I want to ask this point that now guide me.
On this particular post, on this particular design. But I can ask it to become anyone, and guide me. Become, uh… write an article, uh, uh, let's say you are an… you are a director at some particular college, and I… you have to write a speech to speak on Independence Day
Picket. Now, write a speech.
Now, he will become that person, and then… It will write the, uh, the document in that manner.
Let's say this has scored us, uh, on the criteria. Then it has given some summary. Let's say, uh, I can ask the feedback, uh, where can I improve?
Where can I improve? You already receiving, uh, this cookie money over PPT Achi Branadjiti.
Pick it. How to improve Take care. So you can… add these, uh… feedback, or usude saya.
You can ask this… to write content for your PPT, for improved content.
Take any word that you choose it. This ChatGPT is basically, uh, earlier it was a text-to-text generation tool.
You are feeding a text to it, and now it is generating text again.
But eventually, uh, it has become multimodal. Now it can generate images as well, from text.
And I think, actually, Tarati, images, grasp me daring. But see, see the use cases. Ki ham nagisko taha tape use kasakte hain. Let's say I want to create a… I want to create an… I want to… create a… create an Instagram page.
Create an Instagram page. Page, let's say, own, uh, own AI tools.
Ticket. Now, you being… Now, you being a content you being a chief content.
Chief Content Writer. Vid… with an experience, or with an experience.
Experience of, let's say, 10 years. Prepare… repair, uh, content.
Prepare one-week content, one week… content in different formats.
Can be carousals, can be reels. It will also give you the full script of the Reels. Take care. Prepare one week content, uh… in different formats.
Different formats. Which will be posted, which will be posted… on my page.
So, there are many use cases, uh, that are there, uh, for this tool.
Defenses, hey, I thought about exposure kaya, but we'll cover the same content.
Pick a fair content for my details, kijo. Google post of SEO, Say.
Let's create a Krausal C-R-O-U. Gravels a little detail.
Get a ticket. And seller content. Apokushnika now.
Now you can ask… which, which, uh, theme I can use to, you know, uh, make this post, uh, Krausal.
And Instagram kilong, I went to Canva many, uh, up in a home, opened Kia, and I searched for Instagram Carrazels.
And I can just use those templates And then I can use the content from ChatGPT and my mobile app at all the one.
Insta… INST Instagram.
Instagram, C-R-O-U-S-C-U-S. Hello.
Templates, damage, eh? Take both side templates and up there. Here you go.
1, 2… I will just use this, uh, uh… templates and content. I'll make a good, uh, content for… On the beach. Take care.
You can just try it on. Please never be afraid to open any, uh… you know, doing a task.
Take care. Yeah. Okay, I hope this is a good one.
So, could you show me the step of creating the Instagram page once again.
Yeah, uh… Instagram page, you try once, and we can discuss this in the next class.
Whatever you want to write anything, just give it a prompt.
All right, sir. All right, sir.
And then we can discuss this in the next class. Take a… it will continue, then it would be better.
Ticket. So guys, uh, I hope, uh, you have got what, uh, whatever I want to take over.
And this is the thing that you will have to perform every day.
You will type every day. You will post twice a, uh, like.
Opposed at least in two days, upkeep single post giant chain. Take care.
And please be connected to each other over LinkedIn. Take care.
Yeah, please.
So, I just wanted to ask you one thing. They didn't resumes that I have observed in companies that there are automated systems to, you know, evaluate the the resumes. So people tend to, you know, include keywords in there. So, can you…
Yeah, yeah, us pemmu bat. Mixed classes on this Okay, will that happen?
No problem, sir, no problem. Nope. Jerry.
Critical session for resume is how to create good resumes. Take it, don't worry.
Yeah. I hope this much is clear, whatever I have covered. And other clear nay it to eig baarapna aapse Take care. Try to do, uh… the steps which I, uh, you know, performed in the class, and then you will have some idea key… actually, kahorai.
Take it. Jia. So, any more questions regarding the content?
Sir, I had a doubt.
Ah, video on karaplugs.
Yeah. Once you can please ask.
Okay, I'll give you the next class.
Yeah, your, uh, guys, uh… Tomorrow onwards, your core classes will start.
Uh, and the schedule… as per the schedule. For example, tomorrow is Wednesday.
So, whatever, uh, modules, uh, the codes are mentioned, those classes will happen tomorrow.
Ticket. Ticket. And there are different, different mentors, but for some… for example, AI, uh, part I will cover, mostly.
And some UIX will also, uh, I'll cover, because UAX is kind of my favorite, uh.
Uh, no domain. And, uh, for the past years, I've been working in that domain, and we have designed multiple platforms, dashboards, and eventually we have brought them into life, which is, uh, starting May, I will cover. And then, uh, AI cosmos product.
But you will be meeting different, different mentors in your domains, and from tomorrow onwards, they will start taking classes.
Tika. Okay, uh, yeah, this is it for now, and please try to… complete the steps.
I have a…
For the LinkedIn posts, we will, uh, share Google Forms, uh, you will have to post, uh.
The post. And this is also a criteria of… for your certification.
So, excuse me. That means Kalboy clas nahyan.
Yeah, please, to be honest.
Any class, and I just domestic class abo hai.
Okay, sir.
Check the schedule, and uh… Can you send me a number to ask?
Api interpreter.
Nina shared a…
So, if you're joined late. Uh, the group description checker.
Nice shared online by shared day.
Shared herself.
Okay. Yeah, guys, uh, some of you are asking, can you share your email? But please try to connect over LinkedIn.
Let's connect toward LinkedIn. Take care. Yeah, I have also shared the names. I think many of you might have, uh.
Send the request, so… I'll accept as many as I can.
Yeah. And doubts? Cost in the groups, sorry?
So, share your profile?
Your LinkedIn profile link.
So, a profile can link mein exchange.
Just a second. And please try to connect with people's, uh, with people of other companies, uh.
But a breakfast. To please… Uh, guys, this is my profile, my type current, okay, chat box, man.
This is my, uh, profile. Linkedin profile.
You can connect there with me.
Yeah. Or you can search Param Biit Nandal on LinkedIn as well as Instagram.
Take it. My profile is public, and we started sharing some content to help students, but again. But we'll share more content on, uh.
Both the platforms. Take care! So these are the links that you can, uh… use to connect with me over LinkedIn. Uh, Shivam ser kilikumashika.
Yeah. And you can customize your profile, uh…
Profiles link. Igbara aap… Setting my jana, and you can customize the link.
Copilotkey. How many threshold, what is the number of sending LinkedIn posts? Uh, Yashay Kam Groh, just do a… Google search and up… Take a… try to search, and just tell us in the group key, uh, kikipnin Limit of TI every week.
Sure. I hope, uh… you guys are…
So, finally, could you please repeat what are our assign Uh, from this class.
One that you have to type daily, uh, every day. Second, that you have to create your LinkedIn profile, and you have to write post Every single day, if you can. Otherwise, uh, once in two days.
On any topic.
Topic that you want, your previous certifications, your previous, uh, learnings, as well as whatever you're learning in this. Or you can just take a screenshot now, and you can write Uh, something about this, that in this class, we covered ChatGP… we covered, basically, AI tools, a brief about how to learn and
Like, how humans learn, THC's up perspective. You can take screenshot in any class of any, uh, let's say classical screenshot Leila, which is Daldiya. It is up to you to explore then eventually you will learn, ki woke se kar na hai.
I have a question.
Take a… is it mandatory to… Twice a day. No, no, no, you have to… you have to… Just a second. Raksha, Sony is asking, is it mandated to post twice a day? Guys, you have to post at least once in two days. At least once.
In 2 to 3 days. Take a week may come second post aap log dalto. Basically, wo aapkilah cheese boh hai And this, since this program is meant for growth, you have to growth hog.
Yes, it is mandatory to post. Yeah, or beta.